repo: Improve documentation (#18)
NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr: doc/index.rst

flashed to the target device.

.. code:: bash

   cd <path_to_nmpx-zephyr>/samples/<desired_sample>
   west build -b <target>
   west flash

**For instance -** Running led sample for ``nPM1300 Engineering B`` used with ``nRF52840DK``:
Firstly whole setup must be configured as specified in :doc:`led sample description
<../samples/led/README>`.

.. code:: bash

   cd nmpx-zephyr/samples/led
   west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840
   west flash

As a result, you should see LEDs blinking on the board.

.. note::
   The ``ZEPHYR_BASE`` variable must be set as the path to your Zephyr folder (the
   one you have cloned with west). You can set this variable manually with
   the following command:

   .. code:: bash

      export ZEPHYR_BASE=<path_to_zephyr_directory>

Generating documentation
------------------------

All the necessary files to compile the Sphinx based documentation for
``npmx-zephyr`` are located under ``doc`` folder.

**Requirements**

You will need to have Python 3 installed as well as some dependencies, which can be installed by
running:

.. code:: bash

   pip install -r scripts/requirements.txt

**Build**

> You may want to use the provided script ``sphinx_build_local.sh``. The result can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to use the provided script ``doc/sphinx_build_local.sh``. The result can be
```

Information about the installation, available commands, configuration and more can be found in the `Zephyr's west`_ tool documentation.

To initalize the npmx-zephyr repository, run the following commands:

.. code:: bash

   mkdir <new_directory>
   cd <new_directory>
   west init -m https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr
   cd npmx-zephyr
   west update

Alternatively, you can clone repositories by using git only.
In this case pay special attention to revisions - both Zephyr and npmx revisions should match the ones specified in the ``west.yml``.
Moreover the ``npmx`` folder should be placed in the ``zephyr/modules`` subdirectory.

Building and running sample application
=======================================

Firstly, setup needs to be properly configured.
Please read the documentation to learn how to do so.
If you want to run one of the :doc:`sample applications <samples>`, follow the relevant instruction provided in the documentation for that specific sample.

After configuring the setup, the application can be built and flashed to the target device.

.. code:: bash

   cd <path_to_npmx-zephyr>/samples/<desired_sample>
   west build -b <target>

>    west flash

Author: There is no such thing as `irrelevant documentation`, I will go with:
 - "Configure the setup based on the documentation."

>    west flash

Author: @annakielar I've changed this one a little bit, because right know it doesn't make sense:

To run one of a :doc:`sample applications <samples>`, do the following:

* Configure the setup based on the relevant sample documentation.
* Build and flash the application to the target device by using the following commands:

  .. code:: bash

     cd <path_to_npmx-zephyr>/samples/<desired_sample>
     west build -b <target>
     west flash

For instance, if you want to run the LED sample for nPM1300 Engineering B used with nRF52840DK, you must configure the setup as specified in the :doc:`LED sample <../samples/led/README>` description.
After that, run the following commands:

.. code:: bash

   cd npmx-zephyr/samples/led
   west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840
   west flash

As a result, you should see LEDs blinking on the board.

For instance, if you want to run the LED sample for nPM1300 Engineering B used with nRF52840DK, you must configure the setup as specified in the :doc:`LED sample <../samples/led/README>` description.
After that, run the following commands:

.. code:: bash

   cd npmx-zephyr/samples/led
   west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840
   west flash

As a result, you should see LEDs blinking on the board.

.. note::
   The ``ZEPHYR_BASE`` variable must be set as the path to your Zephyr folder (the one you have cloned with west).

   You can set this variable manually with the following command:

   .. code:: bash

      export ZEPHYR_BASE=<path_to_zephyr_directory>

Generating documentation
========================

All files that are required to compile the Sphinx-based documentation for the ``npmx-zephyr`` repository are located under the ``doc`` folder.

Requirements
------------

Install Python 3 and its dependencies with the following command:

.. code:: bash

   pip install -r scripts/requirements.txt

Build
-----

You can build the documentation in two ways:

* Use the provided script ``doc/sphinx_build_local.sh`` and open the ``doc/build/html/index.html`` file to see the output.

> 

Reviewer 2: please remove a redundant empty line

> * Build it manually by going to the ``doc`` directory and running the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Build it manually by going to the ``doc`` directory and running the following command:
```

.. _index:

.. image:: _static/images/npm_family_logo_primary.png
   :align: center

>    :width: 300

Reviewer: 200?

npmx-zephyr
===========

Overview
--------

:ref:`npmx-zephyr <index>` repository provides a convenient way to work with Nordic Semiconductor’s

> Power Management ICs (PMICs) by integrating `npmx library`_ into the `Zephyr`_ RTOS enviroment.

Reviewer: Same change as in README

bare-metal environments.

For the user's convenience, this repository includes also a variety of sample applications

> demonstrating how to use the `npmx drivers`_. Code is available in a `GitHub repository`_.

Author: I assume that it should all be in one line. 
-> .... to use the `npmx drivers`_. Their code is available on .....

> demonstrating how to use the `npmx drivers`_. Code is available in a `GitHub repository`_.

Reviewer 2: 1 sentence = 1 line (and no characters limitation per line). Please correct all occurrences.

Supported devices:
------------------

- nPM1300 Engineering B

Supported drivers
-----------------
The following matrix provides a comparative overview of which drivers are supported by specific
Nordic nPMs.

 ======================= ===== ====== ========= ======= ====== ====== ===== ===== ====== ======= ========
         Driver           ADC   BUCK   CHARGER   EVENT   GPIO   LDSW   LED   POF   SHIP   TIMER   VBUSIN
 ======================= ===== ====== ========= ======= ====== ====== ===== ===== ====== ======= ========
  nPM1300 Engineering B    ✔     ✔        ✔        ✔      ✔      ✔      ✔     ✔     ✔       ✔       ✔
 ======================= ===== ====== ========= ======= ====== ====== ===== ===== ====== ======= ========

For more information about the features of a specific peripheral please refer to the official documentation

> of the specific nPM device.

Author: We have task for that

https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr/pull/18#discussion_r1232152076

> of the specific nPM device.

Reviewer 2: Oh ok, so that's the same documentation as mentioned there.

> of the specific nPM device.

Author: yup

How to use
----------

Repository initialization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The recommended way to clone the repositories is by using the ``west`` tool. Information about the
installation, available commands, configuration and more can be found in the
`Zephyr's west`_ tool documentation.

To initalize the npmx-zephyr repo, run the following commands:

.. code:: bash

   west init -m https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr
   cd npmx-zephyr
   west update

Alternatively, you can clone repositories by using ``git`` only.

In this case pay special attention to revisions - both Zephyr and npmx revisions should match the
ones specified in the ``west.yml``. Moreover ``npmx`` should be placed in ``zephyr/modules``

> subdirectory.

Author: npmx should be treated as normal folder here

Building and running sample application
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Firstly, setup needs to be properly configured. Please read the documentation to learn how to do so.
If you want to run one of the sample applications, follow the relevant instruction provided in the

> documentation for that specific sample.

Author: I think the first sentence should stay. 
About the second and third sentence -> I've added a link as `sample applications` to actual samples

> After configuring the setup, the project can be built and flashed to the target device.

Author: Changed to:
... the `application` can be ....

must configure the setup as specified in the :doc:`led sample description <../samples/led/README>`.

.. code:: bash

   cd npmx-zephyr/samples/led
   west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840
   west flash

As a result, you should see LEDs blinking on the board.

.. note::
   The ``ZEPHYR_BASE`` variable must be set as the path to your Zephyr folder (the
   one you have cloned with west).

   You can set this variable manually with the following command:

   .. code:: bash

      export ZEPHYR_BASE=<path_to_zephyr_directory>

Generating documentation
------------------------

All files required to compile the Sphinx-based documentation for ``npmx-zephyr`` are located under
the ``doc`` folder.

**Requirements**

Install Python 3 and its dependencies with the following command:

.. code:: bash

   pip install -r scripts/requirements.txt

**Build**

You may want to use the provided script ``doc/sphinx_build_local.sh``.
Open the ``doc/build/html/index.html`` file to see the output.

If you want to build it manually, go to the ``doc`` directory and run the following commands:

.. code:: bash

   sphinx-build -M html . build

> .. toctree::
>    :maxdepth: 2
>    :caption: Contents:
> 
>    samples
> 
> .. toctree::
>    :maxdepth: 1
> 
>    additional_resources
>    release_notes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Contents:

   samples
   additional_resources
   release_notes
```

As end user have a full list of samples available on the left-side menu, let's have a short list at the end of this article, ok?

Author: The user doesn't have a full list on the left-side menu, one needs to click to see it.

I had a discussion with @masz-nordic, and we decided to make all samples visible at the end of index.rst. However, if you happen to know a way to have all samples listed on the left-side menu, I would appreciate it.

.. _index:

.. image:: _static/images/npm_family_logo_primary.png
   :align: center
   :width: 200

npmx-zephyr
===========

Overview
--------

:ref:`npmx-zephyr <index>` provides an example of `npmx library`_ integration with the `Zephyr`_
RTOS environment. This can be used as a starting point for an integration with other RTOS or

> bare-metal environments.

Author: `other RTOS` means one of many RTOS, so probably it's ok

For the user's convenience, this repository includes also a variety of sample applications 

> demonstrating how to use the `npmx drivers`_. Code is available on a
> repository `GitHub`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
demonstrating how to use the `npmx drivers`_. Code is available in GitHub
repository `GitHub`_.
```
